- [Instructor] We are ready now,
and we can now do the build, run the application,
and find out how different themes will be displayed.
So, let's go to the IDE,
and let's run this.
Okay, so now, let's go to the browser.
Say localhost home.
Okay, now, if you remember,
we configured the theme change interceptor
so that every request that you make,
you can send the value of the theme that you want,
and it will then help you display that particular theme.
So, how do we do that?
Let's go back to the IDE once.
And if you see your config inside the interceptor part,
where we registered the interceptors,
we just instantiated ThemeChangeInterceptor.
Now, because of this,
what happens is that the query param key that you give,
the default name of that key is theme.
So, how is it going to look like?
You will just have to go on the URL,
put a question mark there, and set theme equal to,
now, what is the theme that you need?
If you look in your properties file,
client hyphen theme1.
That is the name of the theme
that you should provide in the query parameter,
so that it is going to resolve that for you
and then display that theme accordingly.
So, let's go back and say client-theme1.
There we go.
So, that's the default theme.
And now, let me go ahead and say theme2.
So, did you see?
That the font size now decreased,
and that look and feel is a little different.
And I also had change this color
to maroon instead of yellow.
So, these are just a couple of properties
that I have changed in the CSS file.
And there's a host of properties that you can configure
so that you have a drastically different theme
for your application.
But this is just for the demo purpose,
so we just reduced the font size
and changed few colors here and there.
So that is how it is.
Another thing to note here is,
I'm going to right click on this browser and say Inspect.
And if you go on the Application tab,
let me just first modify the appearance of this dock.
Yeah, let it dock at the bottom.
So, if you go to the Application,
and if you look in the Cookies section under Storage,
you see?
That is the cookie that it is storing for you.
So, the theme change interceptor is going to be able to
tap this query param from the URL,
and using the cookie resolver,
it is going to store that as a cookie inside your browser.
That's what we had configured in our application config.